**Hui Xia:**
As suggested by the assignment requirement, we have proposed various designs of the UML class diagram for this project, and then merged our designs in a group meeting. The UML class diagram designs proposed by the other group members (besides me) are similar, which is drawn based on the design model, and contains many software behaviors, and demonstrates all proposed pages of the app. They argue that it is more demonstrative to include purely executive classes and methods, such as the “AppManager” class, and the “onClick()” method, in the UML design.  On the other hand, I have drawn a UML based on domain model, which provides visual representation of the real-world classes, attributes, and relationships. That is, my UML design did not contain the purely executive classes and methods. After discussion, we agreed that using the design model her serves our purpose better, as it directly shows how to implement the domain model into the software. Thus, we merged our UML designs in the favor of the design model. 

**Sreekumar Hariharan:**
For the first phase of the project, all the members of our team worked on their own interpretation of the design as UML or design documentation. We collaborated on team meetings and chats to cross reference and combine the ideas to come up with the final deliverable. My approach to this phase was to focus on the requirements from the end user as well as system design perspective. For instance, although the low level requirements like removing a job offer from the application was not defined explicitly, that was taken into account to make the user journey more complete. Similarly, the requirement does not specify anything more than specifying the name of the company, but we decided that it would be a good idea to keep that as a subclass so that it can be scaled up and reused if required in the further iterations of the product. We also created subclasses for job location and job benefits in order to support reusability and segregation of features. After combining the ideas into the final UML document, we also discussed the approach to document the same in the best way to make the design clear to the reader.

**Richard Wood:**
For a group that met a week ago I think we have amazing team work. We have alot of strong personalites that come at this problem with years or experience. That might actually be our weakness, most of us have handled things in the real world that are exponentially larger and complex than this example. Our attempt to future proof it and optimize was a point of frustration when the assignment had minimal requirements to produce an ideal system. All that to say, we used peoples stregnths. We diversified our ideas, by having individual people do parts of the assignment individually and then we brought them together for group discusions. With more than one person doing the same bit of work, it not only increased visibility of ideas, but also forced people to present their ideas that may have disagreed with others. While I had say and contributions to the UML class diagram, I was not the primary on it. My strengths are in databases and system design, so I wrote the initial system design document, even before seeing our class diagram. I then modified the design document to reference and be in alignment to the class diagram. I was fortunite to have my work reviewed and improved to make the document more clear to individuals who hadn't sat through our hours of meetings on project vision.
